Update source-git documentation (#394)
packit/packit.dev: content/docs/CLI/source-git/update-source-git.md

---
title: update-source-git
weight: 6

---

# `packit source-git update-source-git`

Sync changes made in a dist-git repository back to the corresponding
source-git repository.

> This is to enable engineers and bots to capture and sync back changes done by
> proven packagers in dist-git (during rebuilds, for example). This is why

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is to enable engineers and bots to capture and sync back changes done
in dist-git (by provenpackagers during rebuilds, for example). This is why
```
